rel: Release notes and prep for 2.8 (#1295)
honeycombio/refinery: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This should make it easier to configure AWS ElastiCache for use with Refinery, since ElastiCache now uses Redis Cluster Mode by default.

In addition, Refinery now supports the use of TLS for communications with Redis.

### SpanLimit

Until this release, Refinery has marked a trace for trace decision when either:

* The root span arrives
* The TraceTimeout expires

Release 2.8 introduces a new feature, `SpanLimit`, which provides a third way to cause Refinery to make a trace decision. It sets the maximum number of descendants that a trace can have before it gets marked for a trace decision. This is to help with the memory consumption due to very large traces.

Suppose, for example, that a service generates a single trace with 10,000 spans. If SpanLimit is set to 1000, once the first 1000 spans have arrived, Refinery will immediately make a decision to keep or drop the trace. Every additional span is dispatched (using the same decision) without storing it. This means that Refinery never had to keep all 10,000 spans in its memory at one time.

### Other Improvements

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Refinery rules now allow specifying `root.` prefixes for fields in dynamic samplers.
```

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

> ## Version 2.8.0

Reviewer 2: Do we also want to mention the layered config support in this release?

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 2.8.0

> This release has a several significant changes that should make Refinery easier to operate at scale.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This release has a several significant changes that makes Refinery easier to operate at scale.
```

Suppose, for example, that a service generates a single trace with 10,000 spans. If SpanLimit is set to 1000, once the first 1000 spans have arrived, Refinery will immediately make a decision to keep or drop the trace. Every additional span is dispatched (using the same decision) without storing it. This means that Refinery never had to keep all 10,000 spans in its memory at one time.

> ### `In` and `NotIn` Operators in Rules

Reviewer: There's a discrepancy in how we document here versus in the PR: https://github.com/honeycombio/refinery/pull/1302/files#diff-adf5ae21a5e738c1aab5407a6a4c83df85668d66363f27ccaea4788fba3e178bR672-R673

Reviewer: In the below text, and the rules-complete file, the operator is shown as `In`/`NotIn`. But in the yaml file I link to, it's shown as `in`/`not-in`. Which is the operator? Or is the rulesmeta file just an inside baseball type representation?

Author: excellent catch. Thank you. The operator is `in` and `not-in` and I will fix those bugs!
